Updates to docs from CSM solutions repository (#4201)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/user_data_collection/best_practices.md

## Capturing user data through a web form

### Step 1: Check if user exists

When a user enters content through a web form, check if a user with that email already exists within your database. This can be done in one of two ways:

> - **Client checks internally (recommended)**<br>If you have an external record or database containing the provided user information that exists outside of Braze, reference this at the time of email submission or account creation to ensure the information has not already been captured.<br><br>

Reviewer: "Client checks internally" is this calling the user a client? Or is this referring to client-side data? If it's the former, I'd suggest rewording these two bullets to something along the lines of

- Check internal database
- Use /users/export/id endpoint

If it's the latter, might want to clarify the first bullet point 🤔

> - **Client checks internally (recommended)**<br>If you have an external record or database containing the provided user information that exists outside of Braze, reference this at the time of email submission or account creation to ensure the information has not already been captured.<br><br>

Author: ```suggestion
- **Checks internal database (recommended)**<br>If you have an external record or database containing the provided user information that exists outside of Braze, reference this at the time of email submission or account creation to ensure the information has not already been captured.<br><br>
```
